doc: nrf: app_dev: bootloaders_dfu: mcuboot_nsib: Add note (#23289)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders_dfu/mcuboot_nsib/bootloader_downgrade_protection.rst

* ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HARDWARE_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION``
* ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION_COUNTER_SLOTS``
* ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION_COUNTER_VALUE``

Downgrade protection using |NSIB| with MCUboot
==============================================

> The OTP storage area has limited space and is designed for use by one image, this means that hardware downgrade protection can only be utilised by |NSIB| or MCUboot, but cannot be utilised by both.
> When |NSIB| is enabled, MCUboot cannot use hardware downgrade protection, though software downgrade protection can be used for MCUboot along with the hardware downgrade protection for |NSIB| if desired as described in :ref:`ug_fw_update_downgrade_protection_sw`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The One Time Programmable (OTP) storage area has limited space and is designed to accommodate only one image.
This design means that hardware downgrade protection can be used by the |NSIB| or MCUboot, but not both simultaneously.
When the |NSIB| is enabled, MCUboot cannot utilize hardware downgrade protection. 
However, MCUboot can still use :ref:`software downgrade protection <ug_fw_update_downgrade_protection_sw>` even while hardware downgrade protection is active for the |NSIB|.
```
